<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Poetry</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="clever-class-poem" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Clever Class Poem</h2>
			<p>
				<span>Up Learning’s ladder, round by round</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">We’ve climbed with many a fall;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But, through the toil, companionship</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Has made amends for all.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Now from our giddy heights we glance,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With calm thoughts and serene,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Once more at those we leave today⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Our class of sweet sixteen.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>I want to take you with me through</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The ranks of our small crowd;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And, if you’ll listen carefully,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">You’ll know why we are proud.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Grace, as our goodly president</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Has served her second year;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>In singing, speaking, poetry,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She stands without a peer.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Blanche is the sunshine of our class,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She drives dull care away</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Her laughing eyes, her smiling face,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Have gladdened many a day.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Alice, the calm, the dignified,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I know we’ll ne’er forget;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Her views are wide⁠—but, best of all,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She is the teacher’s pet.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Lena excels in whispering.</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Few are the notes she writes;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She studies hard throughout the day,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">For pleasure, saves her nights.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Belle was the star in physics class,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She always knew the laws</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And when she failed to know a thing,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She always had a cause.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Anna has graced our piano stool,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And mingled tunes with laughter;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Ah, well, one can be young but once,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The frowns may come hereafter.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Ruth is a clever, pretty girl,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">So everyone remarks,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>Yet lives in constant danger⁠—what?</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The danger of her “Sparks.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Will is the pride of all the girls,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">The slave of every teacher,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>When someone wants a window closed,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She calls on “Jube,” poor creature.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Clayt is the lad who’s in to win,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He is the teachers’ boy,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And though at times his face is sad,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">His heart is full of “Joy.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Gertie has made a record proud,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">She seldom failed in class,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She studied hard these last four years</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And well deserved to pass.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Bertha, the singer of our class,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">How diligent she’s been!</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She did her share of whispering,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">But then that’s not a sin.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Bess is the class historian,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">That office, well, she’ll fill.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>She’s “Sortore” set in all her ways,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">And has an iron “Will.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Lawrence is the one who thinks</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He’s been our comrade long;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>His fav’rite stone, an “Opal” bright</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He’s blest with an “Arm strong.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>Sweet Genevieve has worked and toiled,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Her honor’s justly won,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>And every teacher in our school</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Will say her work’s well “Dunn.”</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And now there’s only one remains,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He should have come before;</span>
				<br/>
				<span>His name is John, his hopes all lie</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">In a corner grocery store.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>And now, I’ve mentioned everyone,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">I hope no one feels slighted,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But if one does, let him approach,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">His wrong will soon be righted.</span>
			</p>
			<p>
				<span>At last your poet ends his lay,</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">He’s nothing more to tell,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>But leaves the class of nineteen-one</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">With blessing and farewell.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="bib-ballads">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Bib Ballads</h2>
			<section id="bib-ballads-foreword" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Foreword</h3>
				<blockquote epub:type="z3998:letter">
					<p>
						<span><b epub:type="z3998:salutation">Dear Parents</b>:⁠—Don’t imagine, please,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>It’s in a boastful spirit</span>
						<br/>
						<span>I fashion verses such as these;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>That’s not the truth or near it.</span>
					</p>
					<p>
						<span>A hundred or a thousand, yes,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>A million kids there may be</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Who aren’t one iota less</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Attractive than this baby.</span>
					</p>
					<p>
						<span>I’ll venture that your household has</span>
						<br/>
						<span>As valuable a treasure</span>
						<br/>
						<span>As mine, but mine I know, and as</span>
						<br/>
						<span>For yours, I’ve not that pleasure.</span>
					</p>
					<p>
						<span>And that is why my book’s about</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Just one, O Dads and Mothers;</span>
						<br/>
						<span>But babes are babes, and mine, no doubt,</span>
						<br/>
						<span>Is very much like others.</span>
					</p>
					<footer role="presentation">
						<p epub:type="z3998:signature">The Author</p>
					</footer>
				</blockquote>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-good-by-bill" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Good-by Bill</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Dollar Bill, that I’ve held so tight</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Ever since payday, a week ago,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Shall I purchase with you tonight</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A pair of seats at the vaudeville show?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(Hark! A voice from the easy chair:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Look at his shoes! We must buy a pair.”)</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Dollar Bill, from the wreckage saved,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Tell me, how shall I squander you?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Shall I be shined, shampooed and shaved,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Singed and trimmed ’round the edges, too?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(Hark! A voice from the easy chair:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“He hasn’t a romper that’s fit to wear.”)</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Dollar Bill, that I cherished so,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Think of the cigarettes you’d buy,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Turkish ones, with a kick, you know;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Makin’s eventually tire a guy.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(Hark! A voice from the easy chair:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>“Look at those stockings! Just one big tear!”)</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Dollar Bill, it is time to part.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>What do I care for a vaudeville show?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I’ll shave myself and look just as smart.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Makin’s aren’t so bad, you know.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Dollar Bill, we must say good-by;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>There on the floor is the Reason Why.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-a-visit-from-young-gloom" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">A Visit from Young Gloom</h3>
				<p>
					<span>There’s been a young stranger at our house,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A baby whom nobody knew;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who hated his brother, his father, his mother,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And made them aware of it, too.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He stayed with us nearly a fortnight</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And carried a grouch all the while,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Nor promise nor present could make him look pleasant;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He hadn’t the power to smile.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He cried when he couldn’t have something;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He cried just as hard when he could;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Kind words by the earful but made him more tearful,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And scoldings did just as much good.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He stormed when his meals weren’t ready,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And when they <em>were</em> ready, he screamed.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He went to bed growling, got up again howling</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And quarreled and snarled as he dreamed.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>He’s gone, and the child we are fond of</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is back, just as nice as of old.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I hope to be in some port European</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The next time he has a bad cold.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-an-appreciative-audience" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">An Appreciative Audience</h3>
				<p>
					<span>My son, I wish that it were half</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As easy to extract a laugh</span>
					<br/>
					<span>From grown-ups as from thee.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Then I’d go on the stage, my boy,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>While Richard Carle and Eddie Foy</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Burned up with jealousy.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>I wouldn’t have to rack my brain</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or lie awake all night in vain</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Pursuit of brand new jokes;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Nor fear my lines were heard with groans</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of pain and sympathetic moans</span>
					<br/>
					<span>From sympathetic folks.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>I’d merely have to make a face,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Just twist a feature out of place,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And be the soul of wit;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or bark, and then pretend to bite,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And, from the screams of wild delight,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Be sure I’d made a hit.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-discipline" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Discipline</h3>
				<p>
					<span>He couldn’t have a doughnut, and it made him very mad;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He undertook to get revenge by screaming at his dad.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>“Cut out that noise!” I ordered, and he gave another roar,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And so I put him in “the room” and shut and locked the door.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>I left him in his prison cell two minutes, just about,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And, penitent, he smiled at me when I did let him out.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>But when he got another look at the forbidden fruit</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He gave a yell that they could hear in Jacksonville or Butte.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>“Cut out that noise!” I barked again. “Cut out that foghorn stuff!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Perhaps I didn’t leave you in your prison long enough.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>“You want your dad to keep you jailed all afternoon, I guess.”</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He smiled at me and answered his equivalent for “yes.”</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-inexpensive-guests" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Inexpensive Guests</h3>
				<p>
					<span>I wonder how ’twould make you feel,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">My fellow food providers,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To have as guests at ev’ry meal</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Three⁠—count ’em, three⁠—outsiders.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Well, that’s the case with me, but still</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I don’t complain or holler,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For, strange to say, the groc’ry bill</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Has not gone up a dollar.</span>
					<br/>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>These guests of ours, to make it brief,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Can’t really chew or swallow;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They're merely dolls, called Indian Chief,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And Funny Man, and Rollo.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-his-sense-of-humor" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">His Sense of Humor</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Perhaps in some respects it’s true</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That you resemble dad;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To be informed I look like you</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Would never make me mad.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But one thing I am sure of, son,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">You have a different line</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of humor, your idea of fun</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Is not a bit like mine.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>You drop my slippers in the sink</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And leave them there to soak.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That's very laughable, you think</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But I can’t see the joke</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You take my hat outdoors with you</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And fill it full of earth;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You seem to think that’s witty, too,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But I’m not moved to mirth.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>You open up the chicken-yard;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Its inmates run a mile;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You giggle, but I find it hard</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To force one-half a smile.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>No, kid, I fear your funny stuff,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Though funny it may be,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is not quite delicate enough</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To make a hit with me.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-speech-economy" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Speech Economy</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Since he began to talk and sing,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I've learned one interesting thing—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The value of a verb is small;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In fact, it has no worth at all.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Why waste the breath required to say,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"While toddling through the park today,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I saw a bird up in a tree,"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When "Twee, pahk, birt," does splendidly?</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Why should one say, "Please pass the bread,"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When "Ba-ba me" is easier said?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And why "I'm starved. Have supper quick,"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When "LUNCH!" yelled loudly, does the trick?</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Why "I've been riding on a train,"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When "By-by, Choo-choo" makes it plain?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"Let words be few," the poet saith,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So leave out words and save your breath.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-welcome-to-spring" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Welcome to Spring</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Spring, you are welcome, for you are the friend of</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Fathers of all little girlies and chaps.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Spring, you are welcome, for you mean the end of</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Bundling them up in their cold-weather wraps.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Breathes there a parent of masculine gender,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>One whose young hopeful is seven or less,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who never has cursed the designer and vender</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of juvenile-out-of-doors-winter-time dress?</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Leggings and overcoat, rubbers that squeeze on,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Mittens and sweater a trifle too small;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Not in the lot is one thing you can ease on,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>One that's affixed with no trouble at all.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Spring, you are welcome, thrice welcome to father;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Not for your flowers and birds, I'm afraid,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As much as your promised relief from the bother</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of bundling the kid for the daily parade.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-taste" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Taste</h3>
				<p>
					<span>I can't understand why you pass up the toys</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That Santa considered just right for small boys;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I can't understand why you turn up your nose</span>
					<br/>
					<span>At dogs, hobby-horses, and treasures like those,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And play a whole hour, sometimes longer than that,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With a thing as prosaic as daddy's old hat.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>The tables and shelves have been loaded for you</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With volumes of pictures—they're pretty ones, too—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of birds, beasts, and fishes, and old Mother Goose</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Repines in a corner and feels like the deuce,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>While you, on the floor, quite contentedly look</span>
					<br/>
					<span>At page after page of the telephone book.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-riddles" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Riddles</h3>
				<p>
					<span>If it's fun to take books from the bookcase,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If you really believe it's worth while</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To carry them out to the kitchen</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And build them all up in a pile,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Why isn't it just as agreeable then</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To carry them back to the bookcase again?</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>If it's fun to make marks with a pencil</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In books that one cares for a heap;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To tear out the pages from volumes</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">One likes and is anxious to keep,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Why isn't it pleasure to put on the hummer</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A magazine read and discarded last summer?</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-hesitation" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Hesitation</h3>
				<p>
					<span>I've orders to waken you from your nap,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And orders are orders, my little chap.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I hate to do it, because it seems</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A shame to break in on your blissful dreams.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>I've sat and watched you a long, long while,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And not since I came have you ceased to smile.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So it strikes me as wrong to arouse you, boy,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>From sleep that's so plainly a sleep of joy.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>'Twill make a big diff'rence tonight, of course,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But p'rhaps you are riding a real live horse;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In dreams, it's a pleasant and harmless sport,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So why should I cruelly cut it short?</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Maybe you have for your very own</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A piece of pie or an ice cream cone;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If that's your amusement, why end it quick?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Dream-food can't possibly make you sick.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>Orders are orders and I'm afraid</span>
					<br/>
					<span>It's trouble for me if they're disobeyed.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I'll bet if the boss could see you, son,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>She'd put off the duty, as I have done.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-his-wonderful-choo-choos" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">His Wonderful Choo-choos</h3>
				<p>
					<span>When I see his wonderful choo-choo trains,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Which he daily builds with infinite pains,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Whose cars are a crazy and curious lot—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A doll, a picture, a pepper pot,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A hat, a pillow, a horse, a book,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A pote, a mintie, a button hook,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A bag of tobacco, a piece of string,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A pair of wubbas, a bodkin ring,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A deck of twos and a paper box,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A brush, a comb and a lot of blocks—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When I first gaze on his wonderful trains,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Which he daily builds with infinite pains,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I laugh, and I think to myself, "O gee!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Was ever a child as cute as he?"</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>But when he's gone to his cozy nest,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>From the toil of his strenuous day to rest,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And when I gaze on his trains once more,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Where they lie, abandoned, across the floor,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And when the terrible task I face</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of putting each "Pullman" back in its place,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I groan a little, and think, "O gee!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Was ever a child as mean as he?"</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="bib-ballads-cousinly-affection" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<h3 epub:type="title">Cousinly Affection</h3>
				<p>
					<span>Why do you love your Cousin Paull?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For his sweet face, his smile, and all</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The little tricks that charm us so?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You're not quite old enough to know</span>
					<br/>
					<span>How cute he is; to realize</span>
					<br/>
					<span>How clever for a child his size.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I'm sure you can't appreciate</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The things that make us think him great.</span>
				</p>
				<p>
					<span>And yet you love your Cousin Paull.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is it because he's twice as small</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As you, just right for you to maul?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Because he won't fight back, or bawl?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Because when he is pushed he'll fall?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And, where most kids would howl and squall,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He takes it, nor puts in a call</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For mother? Am I warm at all?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is this why you love Cousin Paull?</span>
				</p>
			</section>
		</article>
		<article id="obituary" epub:type="z3998:poem">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Obituary</h2>
			<p>
				<span>My eyes are very misty</span>
				<br/>
				<span>As I pen these lines to Christy;</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">O, my heart is full of heaviness today.</span>
				<br/>
				<span>May the flowers ne’er wither, Matty,</span>
				<br/>
				<span>On your grave at Cincinnati</span>
				<br/>
				<span class="i1">Which you’vce chosen for your final fadeaway.</span>
			</p>
		</article>
		<article id="regular-fellows-i-have-met">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Regular Fellows I Have Met</h2>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-lawrence-r-adams" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Lawrence R. Adams</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. and Gen. Mgr., Brevoort Hotel Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I claim that it speaks pretty well for</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A person who runs a hotel, for</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Each guest, on the day</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of departure, to say:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"He's a guy that I'd go clear to hell for."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-b-f-affleck" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">B. F. Affleck</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Universal Portland Cement Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Bum roads don't please me worth a cent,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But they make quite a hit with this gent.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Every jar, every bump,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Every hollow or hump</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Means a future for Portland Cement.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-geo-s-albaugh" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Geo. S. Albaugh</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Manufacturer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>On the walls of his den may be scanned</span>
					<br/>
					<span>More horns than in John Sousa's band,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And even the sofie's</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">All covered with trophies,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So when you go in there, you stand.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-j-n-armstrong" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">J. N. Armstrong</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Mgr. Western Union, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He was wounded, you know, at the Marne,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I asked him to spin me the yarn,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">"It might have been worse</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But for that little nurse."</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He said, and turned red as a barn.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-bion-j-arnold" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. Bion J. Arnold</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Engineer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>It's nice to have Bion around;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His words of advice are so sound.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">During war, they declare,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He was up in the air,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But now he is back on the ground.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-nathan-ascher" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Nathan Ascher</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Movie Exhibitor, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>It isn't my custom to speak</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Disparagingly of a geek,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But I have lost faith in</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The vigor of Nathan⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He ain't built a playhouse this week.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-phil-dec-ball" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Phil DeC. Ball</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Owner St. Louis Browns, St. Louis</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Ball is this gentleman's name</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And ball is this gentleman's game.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">His ball club is down</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In another man's town</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I'm pulling for him just the same</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-jas-a-ballard" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Jas. A. Ballard</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Sales Manager, Semet Solvay Co., Detroit</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When the coal pile gets dang'rously slim,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I send a rush order to Jim,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Who, bless his old soul,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Soaks me no more for coal</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Than if I were a stranger to him.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-l-bateman" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. L. Bateman</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Trans-Continental Freight Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I'm grateful to you, Mr. Bateman,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For being a prominent freightman.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If the rest of this mob</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Had rhymed with their job,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I'd have worked at much faster a rate, man.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-richard-beamish" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Richard Beamish</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Managing Editor Philadelphia Press, Philadelphia</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Dick laughs till his bosom is sore,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When he reads of the Cheese-Cutters' roar</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For a seven-hour day.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">"Keeps me hustling," he'll say,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"To get through in a scant twenty-four."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-ross-j-beatty" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Ross J. Beatty</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Steel Manufacturer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The onlookers haven't a real</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Excuse for the terror they feel,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For this guy's a peach</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">At tempering speech</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As well as at tempering steel.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-d-black" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John D. Black</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>My Pal Rockefeller told me</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That the Standard Oil Com'ny would be</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In the down and out class</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If 'twere not for the gas</span>
					<br/>
					<span>that it sells to this other John D.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-h-h-blum" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">H. H. Blum</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Dealer in Women's Wear, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When she entered, it didn't occur</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To this dame that she needed a fur.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But there's little doubt</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That when she walks out,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He'll see that the fur is on her.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-borden" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John Borden</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Capitalist, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>In peace times his boat is a yacht,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But during the war, it was not.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If John hadn't came</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Across with the same,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The Kaiser might still speak to Gott.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-ralph-bradley" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Ralph Bradley</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">General Counsel North Shore Electric, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He could ride on a pass from the boss</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And save time without coming across</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">With whatever's the fare,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But he'd miss the fresh air,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And there's always a seat on a hoss.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-a-brewer" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. A. Brewer</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Investment Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>In spite of the rumors, I doubt</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That Canada still has some trout,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Anyway, they're much fewer,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And old F. A. Brewer</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Admits he's fished most of them out.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-benj-g-brinkman" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. Benj. G. Brinkman</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, and Chrm. Board, St. Louis Cardinals, St. Louis</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He's at home in a sieve or a tub,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A launch, or a yacht, or a sub,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And furthermore he's</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The whole doggone cheese</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of St. Louis's big Liederkranz club.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-a-f-brockman" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">A. F. Brockman</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Dept. Mgr., The Fair, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Some guys⁠—we've all met quite a few⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Can't seem to go straight or aim true.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">"Brock" doesn't play their way;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He sticks to the Fair way</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In golf and in business, too.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-e-bruce" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John E. Bruce</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Cincinnati</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This lawyer need not introduce</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The law and the facts⁠—what's the use?</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He can win a big case</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">As he won a big place</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In our hearts: Just being John Bruce.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-edward-j-brundage" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Edward J. Brundage</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Attorney General of Illinois</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I like you, Ed Brundage, that's clear;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Else your map wouldn't loom up in here;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I like you less well</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Since you ruled they could sell</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Nothing stronger than half per cent beer.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-geo-t-buckingham" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. Geo. T. Buckingham</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He'll make you a speech if you wish,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or tell you what legal posish</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You stand in, because</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He knows all the laws,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Especially those about fish.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-eugene-byfield" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Eugene Byfield</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Manager Hotel Sherman, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Gene Byfield plays polo quite well,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And polo is rougher thanell,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>More dang'rous, they say,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Than fighting your way</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To the desk at the Sherman Hotel.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-geo-b-caldwell" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Geo. B. Caldwell</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Sperry &amp; Hutchinson Co. New York City</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Most housewives think this guy is charming</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I do hate to spread the alarming</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Report that I've heard</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Concerning the bird:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He's Insane on Intensified Farming.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-richard-carle" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Richard Carle</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Actor, Long Branch, N.J.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Most stars will acknowledge real quick</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That most other stars make 'em sick,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But no rival star'll</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Speak ill of Dick Carle,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Which says a whole jawful for Dick.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-edward-b-carson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Edward B. Carson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Carson Petroleum Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He plays, when he's through with his "toil,"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Straight jackpots according to Hoyls,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But even that game</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Must seem rather tame</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To one used to no limit Oil.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wm-h-clare" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wm. H. Clare</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">U.S. Government Official, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I hear they've appointed this guy</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Collector of Customs in Chi.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I wish we could trust him</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To unearth the custom</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of buying a drink when you're dry.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-philip-r-clarke" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Philip R. Clarke</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Federal Securities Corp., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He cannot see any good reason</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Why God made the winter to freeze in.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If it were left out,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He'd insist, this old scout,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On an all-the-year-round baseball season.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-frank-r-coates" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Frank R. Coates</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Toledo Railways &amp; Light Co., Toledo</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He's got us all coming his way; lights</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Our houses at night, and when daylight's</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Supplanted the stars,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">We ride on his cars</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And swarm to root for his "Rail-lights."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-y-coffin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. Y. Coffin</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Insurance Man, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Strong men seem to die pretty offin;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The hardest of hard guys do soffin;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Bus as for death's sting,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">There ain't no such thing</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If you carry insurance with Coffin.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-charles-a-comiskey" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Charles A. Comiskey</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. White Sox, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I trust that Son Lou won't be mad</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If I'm silent concerning his dad,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But there's not room to start</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">On the good in his heart,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I don't know of anything bad.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-j-t-connery" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">J. T. Connery</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Coal Man and Pres. Edgewater Beach Hotel, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He thought that our city was short</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On hotels of the classier sort,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So he put up a peach</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Called the Edgewater Beach</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And made Chi a summer resort.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-judge-geo-a-cooke" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Judge Geo. A. Cooke</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The judge used to pack up his grip</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And hunt coons on the old Mississip',</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Till one time a bee,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who shared the coon's tree,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Gave his honor a kiss on the lip.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-david-copland" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">David Copland</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Vice Pres. General American Tank Car Corp., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Now, David, don't vent all your spleen</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On the stick or the caddy. That's mean.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">You can't help but dub</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">At a regular club</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With a Lincoln Park hat on your bean.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-a-cotharin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. A. Cotharin</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Insurance Man, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Has he sold insurance to you?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Well, brother, he landed me, too.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But I've figured how I</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Can get even: I'll die</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Before there's a premium due.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-frederick-d-countiss" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Frederick D. Countiss</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker and Broker, Chciago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He'd have much more jack, I am sure,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If he gave much less jack to the poor</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">A disease of this sort</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">May not cut life short,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I'm told there's no permanent cure.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-a-crandall" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. A. Crandall</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>"Haw! Haw!" lauged the trout, "and Hee! Hee!"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But he's laughing too soon, seems to me,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And I'll bet him two flies</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That if Crandall just tries,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He'll catch every fish in that tree.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-thos-cusack" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Thos. Cusack</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Sign Painter, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Tom sees that Chciago gets nearly</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A whole change of scenery yearly.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If you can afford</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To pay for your board</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You'll soon b'lieve in signs most sincerely.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-charles-h-dean" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Charles H. Dean</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Sporting Goods Manufacturer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He dresses the noble athlete</span>
					<br/>
					<span>From his conk to his beautiful feet,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And unless Charley Dean</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Is plain to be seen,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A meet is not really a meet.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-exgov-chas-s-deneen" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Ex-Gov. Chas. S. Deneen</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Republicans, since he's been boss,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Have forgot how to spell the word "loss."</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Seldom heard, seldom seen</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is Charley Deneen,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But he certainly puts it across.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-p-l-deutsch" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">P. L. Deutsch</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Asst. Sec'y Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When he dubs with his brassey, P. L.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Merely utters a placid "Well! Well!"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>An unprofane "Bli me!"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is all for a stymie,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But when it's a slice he says, "&amp;%$#."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-b-de-voney" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John B. De Voney</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Real Estate, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>De Voney appears to know Lots;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His head's full of Stories and Plots.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He tells you three Stories</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">(And basement)⁠—-Before he's</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Half through, you will sign on the dots.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-j-w-douglass" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">J. W Douglass</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Stock Broker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>You'd think 'twas this party's ambition</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To sell you some Hoozis-Ignition,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But when he talks stocks,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Remember, old sox,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That he'd a lot rather be fishin'!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-george-b-dryden" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">George B. Dryden</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Dryden Rubber Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He can shoot with a cue or a gun, he</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Can catch mountain trout by the ton, he</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Can drive a mean race</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In the 2:07 pace,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And furthermore, he can make money</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-harry-w-dubiske" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Harry W. Dubiske</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Investment Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He teaches young salesmen to sell,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>An art that he seems to know well.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I suppose he will try</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To teach them to buy...</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If we ever survive the dry spell.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-robert-j-dunham" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Robert J. Dunham</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">V.-Pres. Armour &amp; Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>It's up to a newspaper man</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To knock all the packers he can,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">So what can I say</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">About Robert J.?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>There's nothing about him to pen.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-j-c-dunn" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">J. C. Dunn</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Railroad Contractor and Pres. Cleveland Indians, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I'm informed that he tells stories well,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But the only one I've heard him tell</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is the story about</span>
					<br/>
					<span>How his Indians lost out⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"But next year we'll sure givemell!"</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-ex-gov-e-f-dunne" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Ex. Gov. E. F. Dunne</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I'm one of the number of ones</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who'll vote for him next time he runs</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And he'll win by a length</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If he polls the full strength</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of the seemingly endless young Dunnes.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-clarence-a-earl" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Clarence A. Earl</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Automobile Manufacturer, Toledo</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He works, but he works with a smile,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For his Overland's earned its pile,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But I'll bet the cigars</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">They'd have sold some more cars</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If they'd advertised once in a while.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-albert-n-eastman" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Albert N. Eastman</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Where thunders the mighty Shoshone;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Where the glaciers sweep by with a groan,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">On the trail of the bear,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In the porcupine's lair,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Al. Eastman comes into his own.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-chas-h-ebbets" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. Chas. H. Ebbets</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Brooklyn National League Baseball Club, Brooklyn</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The Robins show up in Spring,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But if Charley were running the thing</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I b'lieve in a few years</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He'd make 'em start New Year's</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And play ill the Christmas bells ring.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wm-g-edens" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wm. G. Edens</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker and Pres. Ill. Highway Impr. Assn., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>We see him with shovel and pick,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But he uses, as well, a big stick</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And with it as a threat,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He's hoping we'll get</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Some decent roads pretty dam quick</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-howard-elting" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Howard Elting</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Paint Manufacturer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The Oil and Paint world is his sphere;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Yet somehow this seems rather queer,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For when you know him well</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">It is easy to tell</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He's a man without any veneer.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-victor-elting" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Victor Elting</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He was loaded for bear or for hare</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or for moose or whatever was there,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But I never guessed</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Till Victor got dressed</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That showshoes were really to wear.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-uriah-s-epperson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Uriah S. Epperson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Epperson Land &amp; Inv. Co., Kansas City, Mo.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>His initials spell "Use" and I've heard</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Kansas City makes use of this bird.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When the town wants to buy a</span>
					<br/>
					<span>New park, it's Uriah</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who slips the dear public the word.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-samuel-a-ettelson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Samuel A. Ettelson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Corporation Counsel, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>They couldn't have chosen a wiser</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Protector of Chi than this guy, sir.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I saw Samuel play</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In a ball game one day,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I'll say he's some legal adviser</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-chase-chick-evans" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Chase. (Chick) Evans</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Writer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>In some things I'm very like chick⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>An iron's my favorite stick;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And when I have got</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Through making a shot,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The guys playing with me look sick.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-fletcher" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John Fletcher</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>A banker, most people surmise,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Has nothing to do but look wise.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But if you ask Fletch</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He'll offer, poor wretch,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To trade jobs with a lot of you guys.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-herman-friestedt" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Herman Friestedt</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Contractor, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>They praise the cantonments he built</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In the towns where our soldiers were drilt,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But he's modestasell</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Till you ask him to tell</span>
					<br/>
					<span>About the last moose that he kilt.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-john-j-garrity" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. John J. Garrity</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Supt. of Police, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This, ladies and gents, is our chief.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His speeches are pointed and brief,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But he certainly slips</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The bandits and dips</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A mouthful of terror and grief.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-geo-f-getz" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Geo. F. Getz</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Globe Coal Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When you have a few days to spare,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Go up and see George Getz's bear</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And the rest of his zoo;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>It will interest you.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But the meals are the greatest things there.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-harry-r-gibbons" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Harry R. Gibbons</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">County Treasurer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>We both like the Sox, him and me,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Though in politics we don't agree,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I'm bound to remark</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That he makes Rogers Park</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Pretty safe for Democarasee.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-william-a-kid-gleason" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">William A. (Kid) Gleason</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Manager White Sox, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>If I had a ball club in Chi</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or Boston, Detroit, or N.Y.,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I'd say to this bird:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"Please give me your word</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That you'll manage my team till you die."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-m-glenn" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John M. Glenn</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Sec. Illinois Manufacturers Assn., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>A picture of John? I've a strong</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Suspicion that something is wrong;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In fact I will stake</span>
					<br/>
					<span>My life it's a fake⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He never sat still so darn long.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-george-golde" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">George Golde</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Merchant, Cincinnati</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He once carried shirts of all hues:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Plain white ones and pink ones and blues;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But now he asks all</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The salesmen who call:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"Have you got any Reds we could use?"</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-j-p-graver" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">J. P. Graver</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Manufacturer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>His idears and mine ar ethe same</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In the great piscatorial game;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If you sit still and wait,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And a fish finds you bait,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The fish is entirely to blame.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-lelan-o-green" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Lelan O. Green</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Dentist, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>A dentist who play a cornet!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And nobody's poisoned him yet?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>No, they don't even knock</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The musical doc⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He's his patients' and audience's pet.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-gene-greene" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Gene Greene</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Vaudeville Star, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>A story that everyone knows</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or a song that's as old as my clo'es</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">When the average guy</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Tries to pull it, will die.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But give it to Gene and it GOES!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-bennett-griffin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Bennett Griffin</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Insurance Man, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>"You need life insurance," he'll urge,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And when you are just on the verge</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Of telling him "No,"</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Out come fiddle and bow</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And he changes your mind with a dirge.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-george-f-harding" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">George F. Harding</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">City Comptroller, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>You covet his office? Go to it.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>It's a tough one, however you view it.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The garbage guys say:</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">"Give us our back pay!"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And the council replies: "Let George do it!"</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-p-harding" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John P. Harding</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Hotel Operator, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Hotel men have plenty to do</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And some of them never get through</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But Johnny, I'll state,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Is seldom too late</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For his afternoon tee at Glen View.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-c-m-harpster" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">C. M. Harpster</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Surgeon, Toledo</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Toledo would not be without</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Doc Harpster, a dandy old scout</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Who won reputation</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">With one operation:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Removing the bones from a trout.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wells-w-hawtin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wells W. Hawtin</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Hawtin Companies, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He says if we'd all advertise</span>
					<br/>
					<span>By mail, we would get more replies.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He's acquired, they say,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In this shrewd "Hawtin way,"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A "stock" that's a sight for sore eyes.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-dan-hayes-jr" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Dan Hayes, Jr.</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Real Estate and Breeder of Harness Race Horses, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He could make better speed on a train</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or a high-powered "aero-plane"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But they tell me that his</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Dream of Paradise is</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To fly behind Alix again.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wm-j-healy" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wm. J. Healy</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Trustee Sanitary District, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I don't know what hobby is yours;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Whether fishing or motoring tours,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or hunting out West</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is what you like best,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But this guy is wild about sewers.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-charles-herendeen" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Charles Herendeen</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Flour Manufacturer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Charles Herendeen⁠—Fiends call him Pop.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When there's a golf prohibition, he'll stop.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If they had the North Sea</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For a water hold, he</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Would smile and shoot over the top.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-august-herrmann" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">August Herrmann</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Cincinnati Reds, Cincinnati</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Most Yankees with names that were German</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Had reason to b'lieve Mr. Sherman,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But even in war</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Everybody was for</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A real guy like old "Garry" Herrmann.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-u-j-sport-herrmann" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">U. J. (Sport) Herrmann</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Mgr. Cort Theater, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Of this party I beg to report</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That he is a regular sport.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He'd give you his yacht</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Or whatever he's got.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(I'll take two downstairs at the Cort.)</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-james-o-heyworth" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">James O. Heyworth</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Engineer and Contractor, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Although he has had some career</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As contractor and eke engineer,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I b'lieve he's best known</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">By the sportsmanship shown</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In the Mackinac race every year.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-peter-m-hoffman" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Peter M. Hoffman</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Coroner, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Pete Hoffman, who sure has a gay time,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With never a hay time or play time,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Desires to know why,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If a guy has to die,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He can't pull it off in the daytime.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-woodward-holmes" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Woodward Holmes</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Tailor, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He'll make you a stylish and cute,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Good looking, and up-to-date suit,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Or, if you prefer,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He'll make you, dear sir,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A three-cushion shot that's a beaut.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-e-w-houser" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">E. W. Houser</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Barnes-Crosby Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>It's your turn, E. W.⁠— Now, sir,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I'll ask you to stand up and bow, sir.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">You tell me you are</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Some fresh, water tar,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So⁠—Your health in fresh water: Here's Houser.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-maclay-hoyne" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Maclay Hoyne</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">States Attorney, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>So long as a man is O.K.,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He won't run afoul of Maclay.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">You're his friend if you're right;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If you're not, why good night!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You'll notice I'm moving away.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-thomas-d-huff" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Thomas D. Huff</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When the Latin-Americans seek</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His advice, and his service bespeak,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With pleasure they roar</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As they read on his door⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"Gone fishing. Be back in a week."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-irwin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John Irwin</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Wholesale Meats, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Next to selling large orders of meats,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He thinks it's the greatest of treats</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To go down and wade</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Through a damp Everglade</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And hunt for big game, like muskeets.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-a-a-jackson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">A. A. Jackson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Shirt Maker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>You haven't no right to look cheesey</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When you can look good very easy</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Proiding that you'll</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Go to Michigan Boul.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And purchase an outfit from Z. Z.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-g-j-l-janes" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">G. J. L. Janes</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Gen. Mgr. Hillman's, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He's boss of the golf club at Beverly,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A job that weighs on him quite heverly.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In the time that remains</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Mr. G. J. L. Janes</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Runs Hillman's big store very cleverly</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-ban-b-johnson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Ban B. Johnson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Baseball Magnate, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Here's Ban, sometimes known as B. B.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Initials fit calling, you see.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They say he's a czar,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But what if he are?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His Russia looks prosp'rous to me.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-walter-clyde-jones" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Walter Clyde Jones</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Patent Lawyer, Chicago and New York</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Here's Jonesey, whose time's mostly spent</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In list'ning to guys who invent.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Before he is through,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He may go crazy, too,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>From mingling with guys which has went.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-s-r-kaufman" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">S. R. Kaufman</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Congress Hotel, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I'd wear the same satisfied smile</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If I, too, could say without guile:</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">"Oh, yes, Campanini,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Farrar and Houdini</span>
					<br/>
					<span>All visit me once in a while."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-h-kirby" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John H. Kirby</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Capitalist, Houston, Texas</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>They say that he once lost a number</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of millions, as well as some slumber,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But he got it all back,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Both slumber and jack,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>By nervy investments in lumber.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-charles-kratsch" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Charles Kratsch</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Ignition Expert, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This gent's in a praying position,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But looking for trouble's his mission.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He can tell in the dark</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If the fault's with the spark</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Which it's not, if you use his ignition.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-chase-krutchoff" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Chase. Krutchoff</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">County Assessor, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He may greet you with love in his eye,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He may treat you much nicer than pie;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For if he is your friend,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He's your friend to the end⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But your taxes remain just as high.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-sigmund-lawton" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Sigmund Lawton</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Broker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This picture shows one lucky chap</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With his favorite sports on his lap.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They go out together</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In all kinds of weather</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And motor all over the map.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-james-levy" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">James Levy</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Automobiles and Airplane Dealer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Hunched over the low handle bars,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He was one of our early bike stars,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And the speed bug remains:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He is now selling planes</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And dealing in fast motor cars.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-david-r-lewis" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">David R. Lewis</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Most people hwo need it can owe it</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To Dave, if they swear they won't blow it,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And I'm sure you can trust</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">His bank not to bust,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For he won't lend a dime to a poet.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-adolph-linick" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Adolph Linick</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Theater Owner, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>A. Linick won't have to rap twice</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When he's ready to try Paradise,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For St. Peter knows</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He will give 'em good shows</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And charge 'em a moderate price.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-a-b-magnus" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">A. B. Magnus</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Capitalist, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The Reds were to battle the Sox,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And 'twas long after two by all clocks,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But the umps said, "quit naggin' us;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>We'll wait till Ad Magnus</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Comes in and gets set in his box."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-c-l-maguire" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">C. L. Maguire</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Lakeside Petroleum Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When he's through with the arduous toil</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of vending a gallon of oil,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He hastens with glee</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To the nearest first tee</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And ploughs up an acre of soil.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-jno-w-maguire" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Jno. W. Maguire</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">V.P. and Gen. Mgr. Portage Rubber Co., Akron</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>With this picture on view, it requires</span>
					<br/>
					<span>No sleuth to decide he makes tires,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And say, if you go out</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Expecting a blow-out,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Take some other tires than Maguire's.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-j-manton" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. J. Manton</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Merchant, Toledo</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He seems to have sports on the brain;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On baseball and fights he's insane.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He once had a book;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He gave it one look,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Then turned to the sport page again.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-clayton-mark" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Clayton Mark</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Steel Manufacturer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This gent goes to bed now and then</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As early as 2 or 2:10</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And if sleepy, why he</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Stays in bed until 3;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Then it's back to the steel mill again.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-oscar-f-mayer" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Oscar F. Mayer</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Packer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Behind yonder tree, see what hides!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Why, there's dear little deer on all sides.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But Oscar plays hunches</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And brings his own lunches⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He don't like the flavor of guides.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-m-dewitt-mcalpine" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">M. DeWitt McAlpine</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">V-Pres. Bradner Smith &amp; Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Chicago's most popular batch,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So far he has not met his match;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But he isn't immune</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And I'm thinking that soon</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Some lady will make a good catch.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-chas-a-mcculloch" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Chas. A. McCulloch</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">V.-Pres &amp; Gen. Mgr. Parmalee Transfer Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>No Parmalee busman or hoss</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is ever disgruntled or cross</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Or crabby or scrappy.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But who'd not be happy</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With Charley McCulloch for boss!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-jas-c-mcgill" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Jas. C. McGill</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">President Indianapolis Indians, Indianapolis</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Although genial Jimmy McGill</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is a nephew of old Pittsburgh Phil,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">We don't care two cookies</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Who swatteth the bookies,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So long as his team swats the pill.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-c-r-mckay" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">C. R. McKay</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Dept. Governor Federal Reserve Bank, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Oh, yes, it's a dandi posish,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But⁠—Well, there's a spot up in Mich.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Where you needn't wear collars</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Nor always think dollar</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Nor argue with two-legged fish</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-angus-mclean" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. Angus McLean</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Surgeon, Detroit</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span/>
					<br/>
					<span>The clans have gone nearly insane</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Considering which of the twain</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Makes Scotland feel prouder,⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The braw Harry Lauder,</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-j-meagher" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John J. Meagher</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Stock Broker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He does lots of reading, I hear,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And he reads standing up, which is queer,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Every once in a while,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">What he reads makes him smile,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But sometimes it forces a tear.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-joseph-michaels" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Joseph Michaels</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Iron Merchant, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>If they'd level the bunkers and traps,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If they'd shorten the course a few laps,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Joe Michaels would utter</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Less oaths at his putter,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And go 'round in a hundred⁠—perhaps.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-amos-c-miller" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Amos C. Miller</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He started by betting his stack</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On the Stone Brothers, Fire and Black.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Now, casings or cases,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He's always got aces.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>No wonder he rakes in the jack!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-eugene-c-miller" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Eugene C. Miller</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Osgood Company, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>His bus'ness is photo engraving,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But he's never quite free from a craving</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To up and fare forth</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To the lakes of the North</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And see how the carps are behaving.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-jacob-miller" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Jacob Miller</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Editor and Steward, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When Jake got too big for his job</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As chef, how us gourmands did sob!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He could fool with a crow</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For ten minutes or so,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And make you believe it a squab.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-arthur-j-mitchell" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Arthur J. Mitchell</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Investments, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When it comes to investing your kale,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>This guy is as safe as the mail,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But out on the links,⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Well, the caddy, me thinks,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is looking goshawfully pale.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-j-mitchell" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John J. Mitchell</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When John and the bank were a pair</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of youngsters, John wanted the chair,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The bank and John both</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Now have their full growth,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And the chair⁠—well, you notice who's there!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-harry-moir" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Harry Moir</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Prop. Morrison Hotel, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>If you wait in the Morrison foyer</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You'll encounter my friend, Harry Moir;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">While he serves toothsome courses,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">His own tastes run to horses⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Excuse ME. Good-by! Au revoir!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-s-e-moist" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">S. E. Moist</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Union Piano Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When you hear this cognomen at foist,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You say, "I am dry and he's Moist."</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But his keys, let me tell yer,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Won't open no cellar,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Though they do into melody boist.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-chas-b-moore" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Chas. B. Moore</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Vice-Pres, American Bond &amp; Mortgage Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>In Charles there's no feeling of guilt'</span>
					<br/>
					<span>'Twas a bear that he meant should be kilt.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I cannot see why</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The farmer should cry</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Over milk unavoidably spilt.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-w-r-moorhouse" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">W. R. Moorhouse</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">of Cory, Moorehouse &amp; Co., Insurance, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When this party comes out to play,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The pigeons thank God they're but clay</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He loves to shoot traps,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I'd rather shoot craps,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Though I always come out the same way.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-waller-morton" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Waller Morton</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Stock Broker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>"If I weren't so busy," says Waller,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"I'd make a few golf slicker holler.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But with food and with fires</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Sky high, one acquires</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Respect for our old friend the dollar."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-g-e-muehleback" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">G. E. Muehleback</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Capitalist, Kansas City, Mo.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The gent we see here has the Blues;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Not the kind which the saxophones use,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Though all Kansas City</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Moans "Oh, what a pity!"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Whenever these Blues of his lose.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-frank-j-navin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Frank J. Navin</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Detroit baseball Club, Detroit</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>They tell me that old Frankie Navin</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Thinks nest season's pennant will waive in</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Ford City, but if</span>
					<br/>
					<span>It don't, what's the diff,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So long as Ty Cobb keeps behavin'?</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wilbur-d-nesbit" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wilbur D. Nesbit</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Advertising Agency Man, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>It seems sort of kind of absurd</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For me to be versing this bird,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Who, when he has time,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Can write better rhyme</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Than any I've written or heard.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-w-g-nicholson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">W. G. Nicholson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Detroit</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Says he: "I've installed in my bank</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A machine gun, a pill box, a tank.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Do the dear petermen</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Call around now and then?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>No, they don't to be perfectly frank."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-l-m-nicolson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. L. M. Nicolson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Assistant to President, Montgomery Ward &amp; Co.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Some days when the work's a bit slack,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"Old Nic" spends an hour looking back</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To the cowboyhood years</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When he could rope steers</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As now he can lasso the jack.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-thomas-oconnor" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Thomas O'Connor</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Chief Chicago Fire Department</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When the Chief joins the heavenly choir,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The H. C. of L. will go higher,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For surer than Fate</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">They will double the rate</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For insuring your home against fire.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-alfred-ogara" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Alfred O'Gara</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. U.S. Airplane Exhibition Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>In Yellows I always get nervous</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And holler out, "Heaven preserve us!"</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I wonder how I</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Will feel when I try</span>
					<br/>
					<span>O'Gara's new taxiplane service.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-senator-john-f-overfield" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Senator John F. Overfield</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Oil, etc., Independence, Kansas</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Well, here is a regular whale!</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And, Kid, he's got bundles of kale.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He don't have t toil</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Nor drill for no oil,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>For he's got a mountain of Shale.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-e-owens" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John E. Owens</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He caught it hissilf, Johnny Owens;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He tould me in could sober towens.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I b'lave him, I do,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But if it ain't thrue,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Sure I hope that he'll choke on the bowens.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-arthur-a-patterson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Arthur A. Patterson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. E. R. Moore Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When you're ready to take your degree,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Plain B.A. or Double L.D.,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>This Patterson chap</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Will supply gown and cap⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And he doubles all bids above three.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-ferdinand-w-peck" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Ferdinand W. Peck</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Capitalist, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He recalls when the Loop was a thicket,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When Bryan first ran on the ticket,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And when drinks were still sold.⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Oh, yes, he is old,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But what of Old Age? He can lick it!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-lt-col-n-m-percy" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Lt. Col. N. M. Percy</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Surgeon, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>A doughboy, preserved by God's mercy</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And the skill of a surgeon, said "Nursey,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Will you tell me why</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">This he-guy from Chi</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Travels round with a title like 'Percy'?"</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-c-s-peterson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">C. S. Peterson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Peterson Linotyping Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When there's nothing in sight he can print,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He taketh a critical squint</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">At some valuable oil,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">A landscape or goil,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And farewell to the October rint!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-dr-w-s-phillips" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Dr. W. S. Phillips</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Aviation Club of Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He tells me the time will come soon</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When we'll fly to New York before noon.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I'm thinking we might</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Start out early that night</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And see if it's dry on the moon.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-charles-piez" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Charles Piez</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. and Treas. Link-Belt Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Just now you behold him at ease,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But war days were nothing like these.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">You've all heard before</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That ships won the war,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And who built the ships? Charley Piez.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-george-plant" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">George Plant</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Manager Stillson's, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The return of the doughboys from France</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Seemed to put lots of life in some Plants,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But they withered again</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">When Pat Moran's men</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Ripped holes in Kid Glearon's best Sox.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-conrad-h-poppenhusen" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Conrad H. Poppenhusen</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>They say he spills language in court</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of a most Ciceronian sort,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But out at Old Ellum,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He's able to tell 'em</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The statutes in words that are short.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-guy-bates-post" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Guy Bates Post</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Actor, New York City</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Says I to myself: "Of the host</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of actors our country can boast,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">There's many a hick</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Who can act like a stick</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And few who can act like a Post."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-frank-l-poth" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Frank L. Poth</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Capitalist, Philadelphia</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Friend Poth loves our national game,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And it seems kind of sort of a shame</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That he lives in Philly</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Whose teams act so silly.⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Come West: You can spend just the same!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-hanson-f-randle" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Hanson F. Randle</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Vice-Pres. Railways Ice Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When young Mr. Randle sets out</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In quest of the e-lusive trout,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Each terrified fish</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Sobs "Oh, how I wish</span>
					<br/>
					<span>This bird were in bed with the gout!"</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wm-h-ranking" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wm. H. Ranking</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Advertising Expert, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Our gain is New Albany's loss,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But we're glad that you moved here, old hoss,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And Samuel's stil thankin' you,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Hoosier Bill Rankin⁠—you</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Sure put those war drives across!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-h-rawson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. H. Rawson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>If his statements don't seem to agree</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With my stubs, why the blame rests with me,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And if I'm overdrawn,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He camps on my lawn.⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Yet he calls it a Trust Company.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-george-w-reed" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">George W. Reed</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Vice-President Peabody Coal Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>These fuel men are pitiable souls;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They're out playing thirty-six holes,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">While we fuss and fret</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Our heads off to get</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The money for next winter's coals.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-frank-h-reilly" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Frank H. Reilly</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Real Estate, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Frank Reilly's a real estate man,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And also a rabid Sox Fan,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But he'd buy up left field</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If he thought it would yield</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Good returns in building a lot plan.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-peter-reinberg" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Peter Reinberg</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">President, County Commissioners, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Meet County Commissioner Peter,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The Forest Preserve is his creetur,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And everyone knows he's</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The author of posies</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Which make our sweet city much sweeter.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-alexander-h-revell" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Alexander H. Revell</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Merchant, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>In the tank he's a regular whizz,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And all kinds of golf cups are his.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I hope that when I</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Am as old as this guy,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I'll be just as young as he is.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-harry-j-ridings" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Harry J. Ridings</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Western Manager Geo. M. Cohan interests, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>George Cohan would simply expire</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And write songs for the heavenly choir</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If he received tidings</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That Harry J. Ridings</span>
					<br/>
					<span>had made up his mind to retire.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wallace-n-robinson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wallace N. Robinson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Hotel Operator, Headquarters Kansas City, Mo.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He came to Toledo to see</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The Fourth of July massacre,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And one evening, they say,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He gave dollars away,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But nobody notified me.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-j-j-rosenthal" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">J. J. Rosenthal</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Manager, Woods Theatre, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>It seems kind of funny that all</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The real shows should hire the same hall,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But everything good's</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To appear at the Woods,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Just take it from J. Rosenthal</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-h-m-rowley" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">H. M. Rowley</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Hoover Suction Sweeper Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>What fun, when the housekeeper lugs</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His sweeper across your soiled rugs,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To see the big ruction</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(It's caused by the suction)</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Among all the visiting bugs!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-joseph-a-rushton" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Joseph A. Rushton</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Stock Broker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>In a broad Mississippi bayou,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>(With something to ward off the flu),</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">This amiable gent</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Is more than content</span>
					<br/>
					<span>If he catches a dogfish or two</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-peter-j-schaefer" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Peter J. Schaefer</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Theatre Owner, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>What grouchy old hen wouldn't lay fer</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As genial a boss as Pete Schaefer!</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Most show people coop</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Their chicks in the loop,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But Pete says the farm is much safer.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-george-k-schmidt" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">George K. Schmidt</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker and Member Board of Assessors, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>"Did I get any muskies," he said,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"In the land of the once noble Red?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Well, that I won't swear,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But what do I care?⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>I dug up a swell arrow head."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-fred-c-schwab" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Fred C. Schwab</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Tire Dealer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>For me, an old neighbor of his, it</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is not very neighborly, is it,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To hope that some time</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Will pass before I'm</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Obliged to pay Freddie a visit?</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-capt-orlando-f-scott" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Capt. Orlando F. Scott</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Surgeon, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When you've mislaid a finger or two,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or dropped a few toes from your shoe,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Call up Dr. Scott;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He's probably got</span>
					<br/>
					<span>New parts for those lost off'n you.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-benjamin-serlis" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Benjamin Serlis</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Investments, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The artist again and again</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Tried to picture this guy with a pen,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But it's plain to be seen</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That a movie machine</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Is needed to catch up with Ben.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-walden-w-shaw" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Walden W. Shaw</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Yellow Cab Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He's at home on the turbulent blue;</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He's fond of sky-piloting, too;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In fact, no smart fellow</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Would call him a Yellow,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Though that is his favorite hue.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-george-w-sheehan" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">George W. Sheehan</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Central Sugar Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The sugar king, minus his crown.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His job is the sweetest in town</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The picture we see is</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Supposed to mean he is</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Attempting to keep sugar down.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-cornell-shreiber" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Cornell Shreiber</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Mayor of Toledo</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The Mayor of Toledo, and, yes,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>A friend of poor scribes in distress,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">So good and so kind</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That he even declined</span>
					<br/>
					<span>My offer to bet him on Jess.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-james-simpson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">James Simpson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Vice Pres. Marshall Field &amp; Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>You see him in Fields's now and then,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And talk about Regular Men,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Why, I hear from him wonth</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The first of each month,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And on the fifteenth, wonth again.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-mort-h-singer" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Mort H. Singer</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Theatrical Man, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Somewhere in the book I have read</span>
					<br/>
					<span>That Mort is the French word for dead,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">A name which I claim</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Fits Mort Singer the same</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As a tongue fits an elephant's head.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-modie-j-spiegel" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Modie J. Spiegel</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Spiegels House furnishing Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The life of the party is Modie.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In singing he hits like Ping Bodie,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And his "Blowing Bubbles"</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Will banish your troubles</span>
					<br/>
					<span>As quickly as bourbon and sodie.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-major-a-a-sprague" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Major A. A. Sprague</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Wholesale Grocer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>"I wish," said the poor father bear,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With the very last breath he could spare,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"I wish Major Sprague</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Were in bed with the plague,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or else had remained Over There."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-james-f-stepina" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">James F. Stepina</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When his people, worn out by the scrap,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Faced total extinction, this chap</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Came cheerfully through</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">With a fortune or two,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And now take a look at the map!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-fred-e-sterling" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Fred E. Sterling</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">State Treasurer, Springfield, Rockford, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The audience was saying, "How slow</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are about starting this show!"</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">When the manager peeked</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Through the curtain and squeaked:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"Fred Sterling's arrived. Let 'er go!"</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-elliott-g-stevenson" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Elliott G. Stevenson</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Detroit</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>The gent who invented the flivver</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Still thinks of this guy with a shiver,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And you bet your boots</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He will start no more suits</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Till Elliott's crossed the dark river.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-r-w-stewart" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. R. W. Stewart</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Chairman Board of Directors, Standard Oil Co. of Ind., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When he was a student at Yale,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He burned midnight oil by the pail,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And while it was burning,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He must have been learning</span>
					<br/>
					<span>How oil could be earning him kale.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-c-pruyn-stringfield" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">C. Pruyn Stringfield</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Physician, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This boy is a regular doc</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With patients in every block,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But if you fall sick</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And want him right quick,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You'll find him bo-peeping his stock.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-j-m-sullivan" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">J. M. Sullivan</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Pres. Standard paper Bag Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This gent in the picture here shown</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Was not to our bankers well known</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Till he put his whole soul</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In "bags on the roll."</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Now he has a roll of his own.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-w-j-sutherland" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">W. J. Sutherland</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Mooney &amp; Boland Agency, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He can follow a clew in the dark</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I recently heard him remark</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">That he hoped in good time</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To abolish all crime</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And do nothing but ride in the park.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-robert-m-sweitzer" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Robert M. Sweitzer</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">County Clerk, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>You almost won out, but not quite, sir.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>You put up a heluva fight, sir.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Next time you go in,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">I'll bet you won't win,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And you will, in a walk, Robert Sweitzer.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-a-j-thatcher" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">A. J. Thatcher</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Toledo Athletic Club, Toledo</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Remember the Fourth of July,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When Dempsey closed Jessica's eye?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Well, I lost on the bout,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I met a good scout.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Ad Thatcher's a regular guy.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-max-thorek" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Max Thorek</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Physician, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He's got us all skinned by a block.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>We have to go down in the sock</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">For tickets to see</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Mayilynn and Marie,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>While they pay their dough to see Doc.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-edward-j-tobin" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Edward J. Tobin</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">County Supt. Schools, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Ed favors outdoors as a means</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of developing human machines,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">If kids will work hard in</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The veg'table garden,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He think they'll have pretty good beans.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-phil-r-toll" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Phil. R. Toll</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lumberman, Kansas City, Mo.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>"I wonder," they heard Philip say,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>"Which car I'll drive down in today,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The Packard, the Jackson,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">The Marmon, the Saxon,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or my new Minerva coupe."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-fred-w-upham" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Fred W. Upham</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Treas. G.O.P. National Committee, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Safeblowing is scarcely an art he</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Would look on or speak of with hearty</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Approval, save when</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">It's time for good men</span>
					<br/>
					<span>To come to the aid of the party.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-egbert-van-alstyne" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Egbert Van Alstyne</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Song Writer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He has written three thousand and three</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Pretty tunes, each a riot with me;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But they tell me he won</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">His place in the sun</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With "The Shade of the Old Apple Tree."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-henry-veeder" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Henry Veeder</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He doesn't defend any speeders</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Nor yeggmen nor Bolshevik leaders,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But his well-worded briefs</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Add much to the griefs</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of opponents of Hen-er-y Veeder's.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-z-vogelslang" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John Z. Vogelslang</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Restaurant Man, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>His kid went to face shot and shell,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Which I'll say is H-E-double L;</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">A Blackhawk was he,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">So his daddy, John Z.,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Thought he'd put up a Blackhawk Hotel.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-wm-f-von-sennet" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Wm. F. Von Sennet</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Dept. Mgr. Illinois Steel Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Oh, yes, he likes golfing; it's fun.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But he makes straighter shots with a gun.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">When he's having good luck,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He can putt at a duck</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And frequently hole it in one.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-charles-h-wacker" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Charles H. Wacker</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Father of the Chicago Plan, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When the Lake Front's a place we can play,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When the Boulevard System's O.K.,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">With no missing link,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Charley Wacker will think</span>
					<br/>
					<span>It's the end of a perfect day.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-wagner" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John Wagner</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Promoter of Athletics, Racine, Wis.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Does the boxing game pay when it's clean?</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Just take a run up to Racine</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">And get your reply</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">From a look at this guy,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So poverty-stricken and lean!</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-william-m-walker" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">William M. Walker</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Wholesale Fish Dealer, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>When you go out to fish and no spot one,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>See Bill; he's undoubtedly got one.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">As for catching 'em, he</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Would much rather be</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Out watching Chuck Deal catch a hot one.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-thos-j-wall" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Thos. J. Wall</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">General Agent C.P.R. Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I'm nearly stone deaf to the Call</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of the Wild; I've no craving at all</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">To slaughter Big Game.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But I'd go just the same</span>
					<br/>
					<span>On any old trip with Tom Wall.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-harry-b-wallace" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Harry B. Wallace</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Diamond Importer &amp; Mgr. Wheel Trueing Tool Co., Detroit</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>Each year he imports quite a gob</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Of diamonds, for that is his job,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But he's happier far</span>
					<br/>
					<span>With his clubs or his car,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or when rooting for Tyrus R. Cobb.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-augustus-j-wampler" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Augustus J. Wampler</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Dept. Mgr. Health &amp; Milligan Mfg. Co., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He loves to go fishing, which ain't</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Original, curious or quaint</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">But he uses a great</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Line of chatter for bait,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And he catches big contracts for paint.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-col-charles-b-warren" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Col. Charles B. Warren</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, Detroit</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He used to be some politish</span>
					<br/>
					<span>In my native commonwealth, Mich.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His hobby, they say⁠—</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Why, he's on it today,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And sugar's his favorite dish.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-g-m-weeks" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">G. M. Weeks</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Capitalist, Evanston, Ill.</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He'll tell, if you've time for them all,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>The tale of each head on the wall.</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">With him at the trigger,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">They tell me the bigger</span>
					<br/>
					<span>They are, why, the harder they fall.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-john-n-weinand" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">John N. Weinand</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Cash Grain Dept., Ware &amp; Leland, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>While others just speculate rash</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Or frantic'ly tickerward dash,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He's old Safe and Sane</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When it comes down to grain:</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He buys it and he always pays cash.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-albert-g-welsh" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Albert G. Welsh</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer, and Chairman Press Committee, Bar Assn., Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>With print paper scarce and so high,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>P.A's find it hard to get by,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But Welsh, of the Bar,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Seems to get pretty far,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So he must be a regular guy.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-charles-a-white" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Charles A. White</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Banker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>He once held the Elks' money bag</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And didn't make off with no swag,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>So I b'lieve in him, folks,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When he counts up the strokes</span>
					<br/>
					<span>He had twixt the tee and the flag.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-fred-h-wickett" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Fred H. Wickett</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Lawyer and Oilman, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>I wish I'd paid heed to you, Wickett,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>When you said, "If you've money, just stick it</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">In oil and I know</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">Where you'll pick up some dough."</span>
					<br/>
					<span>But I just didn't stick it or pick it.</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-guilford-s-wood" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">Guilford S. Wood</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Railway Supplies, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>This party sells railroad supplies,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And I hope he stings some of those guys.</span>
					<br/>
					<span>His hobbies, you see,</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Are oranges juicy</span>
					<br/>
					<span>And prunes of respectable size</span>
				</p>
			</section>
			<section id="regular-fellows-i-have-met-f-m-zeiler" epub:type="z3998:poem">
				<hgroup>
					<h3 epub:type="title">F. M. Zeiler</h3>
					<p epub:type="subtitle">Stock Broker, Chicago</p>
				</hgroup>
				<p>
					<span>If you ever inquire of this bird</span>
					<br/>
					<span>What stock tips, if any, he's heard,</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">He'll say in reply:</span>
					<br/>
					<span class="i1">"Well, gentlemen, I</span>
					<br/>
					<span>Am plunging in Holstein preferred."</span>
				</p>
			</section>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
